Either by Shine or by anyone who talked to Shine, I think, in November 30th, is that right?
No, I can't quite say that because I know there are certain things, certain written things in the file.
And if you want, I'll have to go ahead and tell you about that.
Because we're either prepared by Mr. Shine or prepared by members of the stock as a result of the conversation with Shine.
Under that category.
Now, Mr. Miss, how long would it take you to go to your files with other members of your stock and a take from the files?
Those number I know that you just told us about.
Oh, I don't know how long would it take, sir, wouldn't take too long, I'm sure.
Where would it be possible, if we had an adjournment?
Why you to go down there now with members of my staff?
And look to your files.
And find out just what has been dictated by Shine's consequential rim of the letter, what have been dictated by him?
No, sir.
I would say it would not be possible in the matter of a few minutes to give you a complete answer to what you want.
I can't give you right now a certain amount of information.
This is a discussion.
Yes, sir.
I have what appears to be some emergency call.
I have not had this a few minutes I brought up on Jan.
Would you hold it up for five minutes?
The production of the files.
Sir, would you do that?
By continuing, Mr. Jenkins, I think I can give you a good deal of the information that you want right now.
The main report.
What's going on here?
I'm not going to hold it out of that.
What happened, sir, yes, sir?
I thought the Senate had just made a tactical discussion on this appeal.
I don't think he objected to you interrogating me on this one.
What I have always been known, Mr. Cohen, is whether or not you can produce those documents, papers, writing,
that we're either prepared to date Shine or any of you to resolve any conferences with the U.S.
I would have to switch to November 30th.
Yes, sir.
I would say the outstanding example of all of the three interim reports of the subcommittee, namely,
engineering projects, information centers, and voice of America proper,
was those sections of the annual report.
They have been printed.
They are available.
I have them, and I can produce them for the committee, along with my sworn statement,
that substantial portions of them were written by Mr. Shine.
Well, as we understand it, schools, they were prepared by another person,
I ask you, Shine, in the special meeting, the Army.
No, sir.
And the rise of the Shine, and will that, will that, that?
Yes, sir.
Did he prepare the original Zulu's or what?
Sir, here's what happened.
Before he went in the Army, in anticipation of his going in the Army, Senator McCoy,
he asked the research director of the subcommittee to write these reports.
The research director of the subcommittee prepared those reports.
Now, here's the one sir, have your record.
Mr. Carl Boschweig.
Very well.
Now.
I don't mean to bother you, sir.
These three interim reports, I assume, are in print and could be furnished to counsel,
because they know.
Of course, I'll do that right away.
Would you say I've been ongoing, sir?
Those who have missed the words, who have missed the words?
Julie Ann, I could see, is looking over his shoulder, and his affair is going to go.
These are how those here, Mr. Kohnar, can you be made available very, very, very,
if they're not, we can get them for that.
Yes, sir.
You have to see, you have to get those and bring them to us now.
They didn't need the request.
They weren't allowed to leave the room already.
And now you read enough, you go out and get me your seat.
The Research Director of the Subcommittee was asked by Senator McCarthy to prepare drafts
of all these reports.
The Senator thought that, if I could remove that much of what they had left to do.
He got out a draft of one report, which I believe was all right.
That was on the State Department filing system, if I recall it correctly.
When it came to the report on the information program investigation,
which had been, sir, you must bear in mind, the principal investigation.
When I say principal, I mean in length of time and number of hearings held,
of the Subcommittee during the last year.
It occupied a matter of months public hearings, where hell day in and day out,
the executive session from the day of interviews, from the time of the committee's formation.
Well, they're not even over now.
And on those reports, the Research Director submitted something to Senator McCarthy,
which Senator McCarthy believed was not satisfactory.
The research, we talked to the Research Director and asked if he couldn't redo them.
He said that since he had not been with the Subcommittee,
while all things were going on, he could not do the job.
He said in connection with the State Department filing system, I believe,
that he had worked with the boys on the staff who had handled that investigation.
And that he thought these reports on the information program
should be prepared by Dave Shine, who had done the work on that investigation.
Senator McCarthy read the draft, the Research Director had prepared,
and agreed that they had to be just scrapped and re-done completely.
From that point on, Dave Shine took over that job,
and he did it in substantial pot.
I worked on it with him.
It came down here to Washington, Frank Hall worked over it.
And went back to the Research Director.
It was submitted to the various members of the Subcommittee for comments.
They made changes in it, and the final product evolved.
But that was, I might say, the bulk of work done by Dave Shine during that period of time.
And those reports will be filed with this committee's exception.
I'm sure that, sir. We can do that, sir.
Mr. Clerk.
Mr. Jenkins, there are also the sections of the annual report,
which pertains to these three reports.
In other words, in the annual report, we can have sort of a summary of each interim report,
sort of a summary of each investigation which the Subcommittee had conducted
during the year.
And both particular sections with which Mr. Shine was familiar and which he had handled the investigation
were prepared and caught by him.
And we would have those took for you, too.
And you say you would not be able to submit to the Committee this afternoon any documents
or memorandum prepared by Mr. Shine, subsequent to his induction into the Army,
on the exception of these three reports.
No, sir. I don't say that. I say that in order to do the job you want me to and give you what we can.
I would like to work on it over the weekend or whenever else you want and talk to the staff members
and go through the files and say that we give you what there is there.
I don't think I can do that for you in five or ten minutes and do any kind of an accurate job.
Could you assign one of the members of your staff to his now Mr. Coon?
I don't have to. I'll work on that myself.
I have to.
I missed my last three minutes. I had to.
For a phone call, I have some importance.
You're talking now about the subpoenas.
May I say that from the subpoenas, sir, on...
Well, you're talking about the production of records from our own.
I'm not so much record.
So, suddenly get down to this question, the subpoenas, I've got to leave.
I'll be glad to ask you about it.
I'll be here leaving. I'll be glad to ask you about it.
Mr. Coon, the assembly secretary of the reason I asked this,
is that I'm a friend I'm going to have to leave fairly soon.
I don't really leave before we dispose of this.
The last few accommodates, then, have been discussed.
Mr. Coon, being a new narrator, is the community with you?
On you, is that correct?
The address to the committee, or to myself, I was eating lunch with Senator McCarthy
and your process services arrived on the scene.
I respectfully refer them to the chairman of the committee
and the executive service of the subpoenas.
And it was the subpoenas for these files, or was the subpoenas of the army?
And other files upon which they, Cheyenne, had worked,
and particularly for all documents, data, memory, and the most made by they, Cheyenne,
both before his induction into the army on November 3rd and by I.
Sir.
In substance, exact authority.
The virus is much broader than that.
The Jenkins right there, with core threats to turn over, probably three quarters of all of our files,
take them out of our offices and turn them over to the committee.
It's that all files pertaining to the investigation of the voice of America,
the investigation of, I'm sorry, the overseas information service,
the government printing office, the investigation of communists and subversives
in the army and at fort-mindment, and all other files on which G. David Cheyenne did any work.
In the process, they've very large parts, I suppose, of our file.
I've read the wording of the subpoena and I suppose it speaks for itself.
Now in Mr. Corn's hand you, in association with members of your staff,
examine those various files mentioned in the next opinions.
Sure.
And take their form, everything that constitutes the work of they shine the document.
Yes, sir.
Where you do that?
I'd be very happy to do that.
When, when, when, may the committee expect that information to be forthcoming?
The committee may expect that information to be forthcoming unless something unforeseen happens,
and I'm sure it won't at the beginning of its next session,
which means I'll have to stay down here over the weekend, I'll be glad to do it, though.
There's a press on the satellite.
I want to make it clear that smithricfulness and insurge of the file of the chairman is.
That's why I am supposed to be subpoena, be served upon the chairman.
I'll be glad to work on the job over the weekend for you, Mr. Jenkins,
and try to have this for you the first thing on Monday morning.
And Tuesday morning.
He's tomorrow.
Probably don't sit on Monday.
You say it could not be done higher than that time.
Well, if you'd like us to try, sir, we could stay down tonight,
I suppose, and work as fast as we can, but...
Well, now if it's a matter of that urge, please.
No disposition on my part to working on these hard-keep-of-phone-off.
No, I'll be right back.
I'll be right back.
So, whatever you want.
But what we're trying to find out is the factor in time,
and the extent of the work done by Mr. Shine particularly,
I see, when in the Army on November 3rd.
Well, I will, those styles,
our certain parts of them reflect the work done by the day,
Shine, Hyatton, November 3rd.
I would say the bulk of the matter would be in these reports,
which we can give you to say it to note.
I would say anything else.
In the file, sir, there might be some memorandum.
I know myself of one or two.
One thing just comes to my mind right now concerning a report,
which he has drawn up on the voice of America situation
as of the last few months,
and you will get the bulk of it in the form of these three reports
and the sections of the annual report.
That is the main job he did on the limited amount of time he spent
for us while down at Fort Dix, Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
And I make it to the purpose of speaking a decision on this matter.
It is my understanding that it has not expected that all these files,
as such, be turned over upon only that part of the file,
in which Chief David Shine has done some work as evidenced by memorandum,
and I'm very sorry.
I'm sorry, that's all I had to say.
Well, I might say the senator that the convener was very hastily drawn.
I think it was all in the control, and I spoke to him at the time,
and I thought if it's signed with the understanding that he involved,
just thought the council had talked to me about,
and that is the parts of the file which have been prepared by Chief David Shine,
and the main gains of the committee rule against disclosing informants.
It was a possible alright, so I think the wording is broader than the intention.
The argument is very clear to all parties.
Mr. Chairman, do we, may I consider that the convener to demand that
the committee counsel, Mr. Cook, tell us what he is preparing now,
in modified system.
Oh, sure.
We spelled out precisely what all hands actually went through.
That was simply by the job considerate.
There's some in the direction.
Mr. Chairman.
Yes, sir.
Well, it was my first...
We're dealing with the matters here,
which go far beyond the investigation in so far as establishing precedents our concerns.
I do believe that the members of the committee should know what position the chairman of the comment
investigating committee will take in so far as the opinions are concerned.
Why do I like to have that subpoena?
Yes, sir, Senator, I know which we just give to him.
I also have the reports, Mr. Welchman.
Let me say that the subpoena was served on me during the...
Mr. Welch, the reports we should have available.
Yes, sir.
Let me say that the chairman of the subpoena...
Mr. Welch, can you please proceed?
Yes, sir.
Go ahead, Mr. Chairman.
Well, I have the chairman of the bill of the fact that I have...
Well, I don't have the bill to his request that I not take the time that the committee
has interrupted him, and I have done this about here for a day, and then we give the chairman.
I wish you could let us know that the committee may make it mind the hand.
So, though the matter here may be just a matter of...
Well, at first, I will see, just enough, enough to go over this for now, please.
We'll have to go through all the other details.
Well, this afternoon, they were served upon me as subpoena,
which ordered the production of all files, on which shine did any work.
I was confused by that.
I knew that the...
I hate to be drawn for a minute or so.
I knew that the chair of this committee, the science subpoena, as I do,
from the request of his council,
so this is more reflective of the chairman of this committee,
but this subpoena would indicate that we were supposed to bring up to this room
all of the files we had in the committee room.
I was confused by that, because the chair has access to those at any time he wants to have access.
However, Mr. Chairman, we do have a new element introduced into this as of yesterday.
Yesterday, as the chair will recall,
some of the columns were the ranking Democrat member of this committee,
and the unqualified statement.
Now, they thought it was a crime for individuals to give me information about communist and so-pricing this government,
with that they have busy stands for the secret confidential restriction.
It was very clear that we, that my two Democrat friends were here at the table today,
was making on that.
That can mean only one thing, namely that my Democrat friends feel that we should send a jail,
those people who give us the information about draft corruption communism,
rather than those who are guilty of the crime.
In fact, I believe it was suggested by one of my none of the colleagues
that I was guilty of a crime for bringing the attention of people,
which were information about communist infiltration of course in one listening.
Mr. Chairman, that's close to the very serious question of why I'm concerned.
I have a duty to the people who furnished me information,
not to have their names known.
I know that many of them would move their jobs,
to say their names were made public.
I file a complaint some of those names,
and use some of the columns statement,
and he is high on the hierarchy of the Democrat party.
I assume that's my policy decision that means the difference.
I'm not going to say that.
Can I finish this term?
I might have to find a way.
I don't think you are the stock government sending the file, both saying or a dozen things.
The one day that the court of the first business,
it was necessary for him to leave this committee.
The senator from the West Concent,
wants to ask the individual,
what he thinks about his presence,
speaking for myself,
and I'm sure my distinguished colleague from the state of Washington,
who would be very glad to tell him.
This is complicated subject.
The president spoke on it again this morning,
and I would appreciate that.
It's not be taken as a general Democratic policy matter at this time.
Any absence of our senior colleague is sent at the market.
So, my thank the Senate was concerned,
so let me make it out of it.
I just say this,
the chairman, without...
I see no point in order to get some simple information,
which is very relevant to this inquiry,
the charges made it,
we need to go into all these other matters.
But I want to say this,
and Senator McCollum's absence,
that I do not recall that Senator McCollum ever said,
that the giving of information has such,
that it would aid in rooting out communism, corruption,
or what have you or treason,
is wrong.
The whole issue is,
can we prevent individuals who work for the government
who have an open obligation to carry out their orders
to turn over documents
to anyone not authorized to receive this thing?
Now, that's that simple.
Mr. Hoover,
told an individual who had a copy of one of these documents,
according to press account,
that if they were given out, he'd be arrested.
Now, the attorney general is spoken out.
I think the issue is very clear.
I don't see that we need to go into this full question.
Senator McCollum is not here today,
and I think that we ought to try to confine ourselves,
Mr. Chairman, to the specific request for relevant material,
that relates to this input,
in response to the two points of writing,
and then a chair again say this,
that a subpoena was hastily drawn,
as a result of a telephone conversation
which I had with council.
It was brought to my room at a time in the office
and which I will people in the office have pleased,
such continued lunch,
and I signed it,
and I said it seems to me that this,
so he is brought to the office,
and the understanding I had with the council over the telephone.
And I said, if you will interpret it on that basis,
and make it clear,
what we want is what the council had asked for from the witness,
and what I had understood from council,
and then requested by some of the members of this committee,
the member and the documents,
and the data, and the reports,
which are worked on by David Shines.
And if it is done with the understanding,
and I want you to get this point from the mic,
because this clear is what you're talking about,
with the understanding that we are not going to make the names
of any informants public,
and that's going to go beyond the matter of our committee council.
As far as the names of informants are concerned,
I will sign this to Peony, and it will be delivered.
Okay, I just need to speak very quickly, Bob.
Okay, I'll stop. I'm sorry.
You heard me from the police.
I've been waiting for a long month to send her up,
so I'm going to start on my statement.
I'm going to read the phrase in Sherry talking on the point of order.
Mr. Chairman.
The point of order is you know
with an old file in the current interrupts.
Anybody's speech, and you were interrupted by the point of order
made by Senator Simonton. I'm talking about it.
So we are now in the process.
I'll read on the point of order.
We are now in the process of modifying the satini
so it's said in printed form exactly the understanding
that was reached by all the members of the committee,
and by council, which we recognize is not now said
in the form of a satini, so it will keep that in mind.
Maybe we can shorten it colloquially.
I recognize the Senator was conscious.
Can I ask the following, please?
You may.
Why was the satina issued by the council?
And what was the satina supposed to say if it is wrong?
And how soon will it take to make it right?
Which is through every of its law?
One, two, and three.
So, sir, can I finish this, please?
I think I have an answer.
And you go ahead.
I have an Insta-Pini here which I can read.
You should like to have me to finish.
And the McCarthy was being...
I have only got a date number one.
The Senator Simonton raises a question, which is
the Medal of Acer.
The reason the satina was issued,
I believe, was because I received a call in my office
saying that the Democrat members, one of their councils,
took them in our file.
I called Mr. Jenkins the best time,
and if I'm wrong in this way, tell me.
I told him that I would add him all that,
and you, Senator McCorme, statements that the names of informants
were made public.
And if the president might,
I'd have asked him if the operation would be prosecuted,
forgiving the information to some first,
some place in government stands the thought
of a six-foot confidential restrictor.
I told Mr. Jenkins that they would not have access
to the file, but if they would issue a subpoena,
starting for what was needed,
if they could have that,
so the file is the chairman who's concerned,
who's certainly an access to the files Mr. Jenkins did.
I had this subpoena served on me when I was having lunch this noon,
that only young man has served it,
but I...
I had to serve him, Mr. Cohn first,
so I would take the subpoena.
I told him I would not honor the subpoena.
If it was to include the names of informants,
they would go beyond the scope of this investigation.
I then went to the office of Senator McCorme,
and talked to the center above this,
and he and I both agreed.
I believe that the file is subpoenaed to all the files.
That actually all of us properly admissible
where the parts of the files were produced,
but they have signed.
That's all the chairman we would produce, though.
However, Mr. Chairman, I think that today we do have a very important question.
I think the record should be clear,
so that we do not establish a precedent
which will be cited later.
I hope and when some of the files
have subpoenaed the confidential files
of investigating Smith,
because if you could subpoena all of their files,
that will, you would destroy every investigating commit.
So in that connection, Mr. Chairman,
I note the statement issued today by the Attorney General.
I may not say I have no argument with Mr. Bob Brown-Mail.
The last time I met him with a very pleasant meeting,
I had a little bit of respect for him.
I am confused, however, by some of the statements I issued.
For example, if I may quote some of the first stories,
let's see, the trouble of these symbols of it,
so you please do it.
The effect of the executive branch of the government
has a sole and fundamental responsibility
for enforcement of laws
and presidential orders drafted to protect the security of our nation.
Last time, Mr. Chairman, I agree with that
that the executive branch has the responsibility
to enforce the laws.
Over under the reorganization act,
the potential of very little time in the reorganization act,
we tried to clear up this context
as what information the American people could get
on a matter of setup of the government operations committee.
The job of that committee was sold out in detail,
so it was to investigate, draft, corruption, dishonesty,
and efficient in government,
as in the executive branch.
I am disturbed to find that my friends
are the executive field.
This duty we have to expose what they are doing,
that this duty is interpreted by them
to mean that we are trying to tell them what to do.
That is strictly not true.
We are trying to make another benefit
in the outer hiss case.
Mr. Chairman,
with the right front,
it's simply possible for saying that a traitor was sent to jail.
We have people in the executive who have followed
the admonition that was laid out this morning
and the same man from the State Department
or some part of the executive had not wrapped on the door
of the chairman at around 2.30 in the morning
and given him information.
Mr. Kiss might well now be an assistant secretary of state.
So I want to make a clear with the chairman
to provide some cleaners that concern.
The mayor is ordered not to produce any materials
from the file under any circumstances
until I have been consulted.
So any subpoena served upon them and served upon me.
Now I may say that the chairman of any information
in the file having to do with this counterverfactor
will be available to the chairman,
will be available to all the members
of the committee.
However, Mr. Chairman,
I do have a very serious problem
and I'd like to take it up.
At the earliest possible moment next week,
we'll start investigating tonight.
The very serious problem.
So just what I can do now,
in view of the position my democrat friends have taken,
that is that they think the prime of the criminals
are those to give us information about time
rather than the guilty parking.
Up at this point I've taken a position that all of my files
were widowed to all members of the committee.
However, I have a heavy duty to the people
who give us information.
Yes, we didn't get information from all of our government employees.
We respect their oath for the prime of the meat one son of Trumman.
We offer our federal employees,
if they were to fund the United States
to give us all an amuse for and the message.
And let the take this obligation fully
without any mental reservation.
And I say, Mr. Chairman,
that I have instructed in that number of those employees
that they were in duty bones to give me information,
given also a little bureaucrat
have sent a secret to protect himself.
If I am wrong,
I would like to get the committee advice from that.
I still advise all of those employees
that anything they've given me in confidence
will be treated in confidence.
Of course, I just, what I can do now,
and I'm very mis-confused with it,
what I can do now by way of giving my democrat colleague
to all the information they should get at the same time.
Not giving my democrat friends any information
which will allow them to do,
but some of them are told them to just be done the other day,
namely sent to jail,
or they give them information.
And as one final word,
I know you're getting an un-easiness on rejection,
I know you'll give one minute to get.
As one final word, Mr. Chairman,
I want to take it all up to you,
be with the time of the response and do that again,
another early to the chance,
and then we can't ask you if you're not going to have time
to examine the weapon.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Farm,
one important thing for examining any weapon,
Mr. Columbus,
setting it available here,
this is the first and the first thing we'll do with the files,
I know there will be an attempt,
as I read this new unknown to the chair,
to get files which are given in to the performance,
and I merely want to serve notice now, Mr. Chairman,
because while I will give my democrat colleague
every piece of information which I possibly can,
that their position,
taken official in yesterday,
that they want to send the jail,
a chairman of the committee,
I'm not worried about that.
A chairman of the committee,
has their students for full use of,
and the good-wild people in government give me information.
First thing, a position of having to refuse my democrat friend,
there's any information from the floor
that allows the names of the performance period.
Mr. Chairman, I request you all in response to the parliamentary inquiry
raised by a Sunday time and in response to the statement made by
Dr. Montgomery.
As of, there was no collusion on the part of any of the members
of this committee democrat or otherwise,
in connection with Mr. Teeny,
from the standpoint of the information
and the informants being given out publicly.
Mr. Chair has stated that he was advised on the telephone
by councilors, about what was wanted.
He was Mr. Teeny, which I say was brought in
and was intended to be,
he said it should be issued without understanding.
Unfortunately, the probability of a man who issued this service
didn't have those information in mind.
We now have a committee which does exactly what,
was desired by the members of the committee.
I think it does everything that any member of the committee wants
and the chair proposes to read.
This particular situation.
The Senate is investigating to the Senate investigation subcommittee
of the committee on government operations
and Mr. Roy M. Conn.
The suitor, Laugh Polatory,
you are hereby commanded to appear before the Senate
come the subcommittee on investigations of the committee.